.Q.gc[0] details (#175)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/dotq.md

So if you have many nested data, e.g. columns of char vectors, or much grouping, you may be fragmenting memory quite heavily.

Since 4.1t 2022.07.01, `.Q.gc[0]` can be used to perform a subset of operations performed by `.Q.gc[]` (i.e. only return unused blocks >= 64MB to os). 

> This has the advantage of running return faster than `.Q.gc[]`, but with the disdvantage of not defragging unused memory blocks of a smaller size (therefore may not free as much unused memory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has the advantage of running return faster than `.Q.gc[]`, but with the disadvantage of not defragmenting unused memory blocks of a smaller size (therefore may not free as much unused memory).
```
